The one-time transaction contract aims to solve the trust issue between the buyer and the seller. 
The arbitration would be taken care of by either the VIV platform or a third party assigned by the buyer and seller.
The fund in the contract can only be withdrawn when two of the three parties sign to release it.

### Transaction scenarios

#### 1. transaction without dispute (the buyer confirms receipt of goods or services, and the seller withdraws the payment.)
1) The seller initiates the transaction and sends the link to the buyer.
2) The buyer pays (call the contract's “purchase” function) to the contract.
3) The seller ships.
4) The buyer confirms receipt when he gets the goods/service. (The buyer signs.) It indicates that the buyer is willing to pay the seller.
5) The seller withdraws the payment from the contract (call the contract's “withdraw” function). Before the seller withdraws, he signs as well. Two signatures are in place, and the withdrawal can be completed.

#### 2 refund without dispute (the buyer applies for refund and the seller agrees to refund.)
1) The seller initiates the transaction and sends the link to the buyer.
2) The buyer pays (call the contract's “purchase” function) to the contract.
3) The buyer asks for refund (no matter the seller has shipped the good/service or not)
4) The seller agrees to refund (seller signs)
5) The buyer withdraws the payment from the contract (call the contract's “withdraw” function); buyer signs before withdrawal as well. Two parties have signed and the withdrawal can be completed.

#### 3. Arbitration I: support the buyer (the buyer asks for refund and the seller refuses; the arbitrator arbitrates and rules in favor of the buyer. The arbitrator could be the VIV platform or a pre-assigned third-party arbitrator.)
1) The seller initiates the transaction and sends the link to the buyer.
2) The buyer pays (call the contract's “purchase” function) to the contract.
3) The buyer asks for refund (no matter the seller has shipped the good/service or not)
4) The seller does not agree to a refund.
5) The buyer calls for arbitration.
6) The arbitrator conducts the arbitration and chooses to support the buyer. (In other words, the arbitrator signs the contract in favor of the buyer.)
7) The buyer withdraws the payment from the contract (call the contract's “withdraw” function); buyer signs before withdrawal as well. Two parties have signed and the withdrawal can be completed.

#### 4. Arbitration II: support the seller (the buyer asks for refund and the seller refuses; the arbitrator arbitrates and rules in favor of the seller. The arbitrator could be the VIV platform or a pre-assigned third-party arbitrator.)
1) The seller initiates the transaction and sends the link to the buyer.
2) The buyer pays (call the contract's “purchase” function) to the contract.
3) The buyer asks for refund (no matter the seller has shipped the good/service or not)
4) The seller does not agree to a refund.
5) The buyer calls for arbitration.
6) The arbitrator conducts the arbitration and chooses to support the seller. (In other words, VIV platform or the third party signs the contract in favor of the seller.)
7) The seller withdraws the payment from the contract (call the contract's “withdraw” function); seller signs before withdrawal as well. Two parties have signed and the withdrawal can be completed.

#### 5. Arbitration III: support both buyer and seller, with the proportions of the payment they will receive determined (the buyer asks for refund and the seller refuses; The arbitrator arbitrates and rules to split the payment between them. The arbitrator could be the VIV platform or a pre-assigned third-party arbitrator.
1) The seller initiates the transaction and send the link to the buyer.
2) The buyer pays (call the contract's “purchase” function) to the contract.
3) The buyer asks for refund (no matter the seller has shipped the good/service or not)
4) The seller does not agree to a refund.
5) The buyer calls for arbitration.
6) VIV platform or a third party conducts the arbitration and chooses to split the payment between buyer and seller. (In other words, VIV platform or the third party signs the contract in favor of both parties.) In this case, the arbitrator offers two signatures, one to the buyer and one to the seller. (The arbitrator could be either the VIV platform or a pre-assigned third party.)
7) The buyer withdraws from the contract (calls the “withdraw” function of the contract). In order to withdraw the partial fund, the buyer signs to the contract. In this case, both the buyer and the arbitrator have signed, and the buyer can withdraw.
8) The seller withdraws from the contract (calls the “withdraw” function of the contract). In order to withdraw the partial fund, the seller signs to the contract. In this case, both the seller and the arbitrator have signed, and the seller can withdraw.


### On contracts

Contracts are generated by the platform. One contract can support multiple transactions. Different transactions can be distinguished from their different transaction IDs. Token types supported are ETH and ERC20 tokens.

#### payment methods
Parameters
- address seller: seller’s wallet address; used for seller’s withdrawal; seller must sign with this address.
- address platform: Platform’s wallet address, used for service fee collection.
- address guarantor: the guarantor’s (arbitrator’s) wallet address (VIV platform or a third party). When arbitration kicks in, this wallet will receive an arbitration fee.
- uint256 feeRate: platform service fee rate (please note that the number here is 1/10,000; for example, 2000 refers to 20%, and 500 refers to 5%)
- uint256 value: transaction amount
- bytes memory tid: transaction ID
- address token: transaction token type. If it is 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000, it refers to Ethereum, the rest refers to the corresponding ERC20 token types.

Please note:
1) If paying through Ethereum, then one should make sure the wallet balance should not be less than the transaction amount. Choosing this payment method means that at the same time Ethereum will be transferred into the contract. In this case, msg.value should equal value.
2) If paying through ERC20 tokens, then one should authorize the contract in advance, and the authorized amount should be higher than the transaction amount. When paying, the contract will call ERC20’s “transferFrom” function to deduct the payment amount.

#### withdrawal methods
parameters
- bytes memory signedValue1: buyer, seller, guarantor (arbitrator) sign; signature rules in “Signature Rules.”
- bytes memory signedValue2: buyer, seller, guarantor (arbitrator) sign; signature rules in “Signature Rules.”
- bytes memory signedValue3: platform signs, only when buyer or seller uses a coupon; signature rules in “Signature Rules.”
- uint256 value: withdrawal amount, including service fee and arbitration fee
- uint256 couponRate: coupon rate (please note that the number here is 1/10,000; for example, 2000 refers to 20%, and 500 refers to 5%)
- uint256 arbitrateFee: arbitration fee
- bytes memory tid: transaction ID
- bytes memory couponId: coupon ID

> during withdrawal, the platform will charge a service fee; with a coupon part or all of the fee can be waived.
> - service fee = (withdrawal amount – arbitration fee) * platform service fee rate
> - discounted service fee = service fee * coupon rate
> - final service fee = service fee - discount

#### signature rules:
1) signedValue1 or signedValue2 are generated based on the following rules:
   - When without arbitration, calculate the hash of the transaction ID, and use the buyer’s, seller’s and the arbitrator’s private keys to sign toward this hash.
   - When with arbitration, calculate the hash values of the transaction amount, arbitration fee and the transaction ID, and use the buyer’s, seller’s and the arbitrator’s private keys to sign toward these hash values.
2) signedValue3 is generated based on the following rules:
   - calculate the hash values of coupon rate, coupon ID and transaction ID, and use the platform’s private key to sign toward these hash values.

#### signature example

Take the calculation of signedValue1 (with arbitration) as an example:
- transaction amount: 10000000 wei
- arbitration fee: 2000000 wei
- transaction ID: 457542584823209984

The js code for hash calculation and signature are the following:
> npm install web3
```
let ethUtil = require("ethereumjs-util");
const Web3 = require('web3')
const web3 = new Web3()

let tid = "457542584823209984";
let privateKey = "0xf95816c196aec67bdae2f72005d4b11203162c72ed4e3833958e052df8a32edd";

/**
 * calculate hash
 * @param {*} types (format as) ：['uint256', 'uint256', 'uint256', 'bytes']
 * @param {*} values  (format as)：[200, 500, 100, "0x343838363937323533343434323539383430"] 
 * @returns 
 */
function getHash(types, values) {
  const data = ethUtil.toBuffer(web3.eth.abi.encodeParameters(types, values));
  const buf = Buffer.concat([
    Buffer.from(
    "\u0019Ethereum Signed Message:\n" + data.length.toString(),
    "utf8"
    ),
    data
  ]);
  const hash = ethUtil.keccak256(buf);
  return ethUtil.bufferToHex(hash);
}

const data = ethUtil.bufferToHex(ethUtil.toBuffer(Buffer.from(tid, "utf8")));
var msgHash = ethUtil.toBuffer(getHash(['uint256', 'uint256', 'bytes'], [web3.utils.toWei('10000000', 'gwei'), web3.utils.toWei('2000000', 'gwei'), data]));

const rsv = ethUtil.ecsign(msgHash, ethUtil.toBuffer(privateKey));
console.log("hash: 0x" + msgHash.toString('hex'));
console.log("sign: 0x" + rsv.r.toString('hex') + rsv.s.toString('hex') + rsv.v.toString(16));
```